#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
altair==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   starlette
argcomplete==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
chardet==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
docx2txt==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
ebooklib==0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
faiss-cpu==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.105.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.46.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==3.50.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
greenlet==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-tools==1.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[http2]==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
huggingface-hub==0.19.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   matplotlib
instructorembedding==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.0.334
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ebooklib
    #   python-pptx
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.3.101
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
openai==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
pocketsphinx==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qdrant-client
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   grpcio-tools
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
python-pptx==0.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.6.9
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rich==13.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ebooklib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   textract
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
speechrecognition==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
textract==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
torch==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
typer==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   annotated-types
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.24.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
xlrd==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textract
xlsxwriter==3.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
